What a big baby!
I didn't expect to be able to conjure something
With this thing
I can definitely take you to fight the whole family
A penny beats a hero
Change some money first
War ghost this is all my money
Will you sell me some grain?
Xiao He's grain prices have gone up again today
A piece of ocean can only buy two wowotou
You can't even buy half a wowotou with this money
Ten oceans can be exchanged for two big girls with yellow flowers
You go on like this
We can't live
Little girl, get out of here
Don't die at my door
Girl forget him
I have two losers here for you.
Give me two more
I would like to be a cow and a horse for you.
OK
Thank you benefactor
I said this young man, you are stupid
Two boxes of Ocean are given away like this.
The shopkeeper sells it for two dollars each.
I don't need to buy it so expensive.
I just need to stop.
Steal something on the head of the old lady
Tell me if this is my wowotou